Update analysis-productions.md (#306)
lhcb/starterkit-lessons: first-analysis-steps/analysis-productions.md

```

{% callout "Reminder" %}

> If you don't remove some lines, they will overwrite the automatically configured options generated by the AP. In some cases, this will cause incorrect job configurations, which is not the intended outcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`automatically_configure` will not overwrite your existing configuration of `DataType`, `CondDBtag`, `DDDBtag`, et cetera. Your settings take precedence.
```

* **application**: the version of DaVinci to use. Here we choose v46r10, the latest for Run 2 at the time of writing (see [here](http://lhcbdoc.web.cern.ch/lhcbdoc/davinci/) to check what versions are available).
* **wg**: the working group this production is a part of. Since this is a `$ D^{0} \to K^{-}K^{+} $` decay, we'll set this to `Charm`.
* **inform**: optionally, you can enter your email address to receive updates on the status of your jobs.

> * **automatically_configure**: setting this to `yes` is what allowed us to automatically generate the configuration lines for the application, such as year, `CondDBtag`, `DDDBtag` and so on. This is very useful when creating productions that use multiple years, or both data and MC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **automatically_configure**: setting this to `yes` causes the input-data-specific application configuration, e.g. year, `CondDBtag`, `DDDBtag`, and so on to be generated automatically, according to the input data.
```
